Licensing (#6)
httk/wyckoffdiff: README.md

```

## License

> This code is licensed with a MIT License, but please note that [`wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm`](wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm) uses code from the official public D3PM implementation <https://github.com/google-research/google-research/tree/master/d3pm>, which is under and Apache 2.0 license. See [`wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm/README`](wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm/README)

Reviewer: Suggestions for a bit more stringent formulations:
```suggestion
This code is primarily licensed with the MIT License available in the file [`LICENSE`](LICENSE). The parts under [`wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm`](wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm) are based on the official public D3PM implementation <https://github.com/google-research/google-research/tree/master/d3pm> and therefore licensed separately under the Apache 2.0 license available at [`wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm/LICENSE`](wyckoff_generation/models/d3pm/LICENSE).
```
